We need money to maintain our living
Because in this world money is used to survive
money is essential in our daily life because we can't make everything by ourselves and we need money to make trade-off
We need money, a unified standard, to exchange goods
Exchange what we need
To make transaction with others easily
Money is necessary to buy things, both necessities and desirables. You work to earn money and you need money to get to work. You also need money to travel and visit new places.
because we need to exchange money for the necessities of life.
because it's easy to carry and transfer
Because money now of days is super important
Money gives you the choice and the power to get things that you want
We need money to buy things to satisfy our daily life. It is hard to equivalently barter, while money could avoid it.
used for the exchange of goods.
Money is a crucial aspect in life for almost anything such as doing business, purchasing healthcare services, etc. Therefore always having spare money is important in any situation because future conditions aren't something that we can predict easily just like the Covid-19 pandemic.
for living
We need money, as we use it as the currency for defining the value of our goods and services.
Our whole world revolves around money, we need money to buy the things that are necessary to live as well as things we desire. We work to earn money and invest a lot of time studying in order to get a good job that pays well. Even for things such as health and medicine we need money. The bottomline is that our whole world revolves around money
We need money for changing what we want and need our needs , for investment to make more money.
Money gives you freedom and choices.
It is a basic necessity to fulfill our everydays's needs in every aspect of life
We need money to survive, education, food, water, transportation, jobs, environment, politics, social, technology. Money if needed for the future.
The money is used as medium of exchange, measure of value, standard do deferred payment and store of value. The commodity economy requires the money or it¡¯s hard to develop the economy.
we need money to use it as an exchange where it has value with every price on it. A goods or services r judged on the value given from it from the amount of money it needs to trade with.
We need money to buy things to satisfy our daily life. It is hard to barter equally and fairly. Money makes it possible and operable to trade equally and fairly.
To trade conveniently in a single standard.
We can chose how we wish to live
1. avoid double contingency 2. to increase the trade 3. decrease the cost of inspecting the goods
Use money as a medium for the exchange of goods
money helps us to do the exchanges fair. With it and an official value we can make sure we are receiving and giving the correct price.
We need money to live to buy our needs to help others to build our future to improve our projects to also bring happiness to our lives
Money allows us to compare the value of different things quickly and easily, to exchange these things easily, and to accumulate wealth easily. Money is actually a portrait of human nature. When people make good use of money, it is a good tool. When people show greed and other negative emotions, money is the carrier of crime.
Yes, please explain
To buy services
we need money because it allows people to obtain what they need to live.
to live
it gives us freedom of choices
Because without money we can not live.
Because we need a tool to unify how we evaluate different types of goods when transactions happen
Yes, please explain
Money is a medium of exchange; it allows people to obtain what they need to live.
To survive to buy what we need to develop ourselves to be happy to be luxurious
To trade services and goods for that
