circulating medium in trade
money is defined as currency and demand deposits, and it¡¯s most important function is to act as a medium of exchange
Deal media
A tool to price products
Money is an object that is normally accepted as payments for goods and services.
money is commodities or goods because money is a medium of exchange in our daily lives and we get equivalents by spending money.
representation of value of goods
Money is often defined in terms of the three functions or services that it provides. Money serves as a medium of exchange, as a store of value, and as a unit of account. Medium of exchange.
Money is a known ad a medium of payment to exchange
money is general equivalence
Money is a commodity which acts as a universal equivalent.
a current medium of goods exchange
what every individual needs
Money is what we use to exchange for goods, food, services, etc. This means money has worth because it is valuable to us in the aspect that it allows us to acquire what we need. Before money existed people used to exchange their goods. In its essence money is a medium of exchange.
That's universal equivalent recognized by a group of people for exchanging objects.
a current medium of exchange in the form of coins and banknotes; coins and banknotes collectively.
A measurement of choices that we made. For example, if we have a specific amount of money, we can select what things do we need to buy
I believe that money is in essence is not necessarily something that can buy you happiness or can make you a peace of your mind, but instead I believe that it is a measure of a person's choice.
Money is the product of commodity exchange in order to improve the efficiency of trading in a particular country or socio-economic context.
money is a medium used in the economy as a medium of exchange in either goods or services.
Money is a commodity which acts as a universal equivalent.
A tool to store easily, a medium to trade, a special kind of goods
It gives people the ability to make choices
it's universal equivalent
a contract between the owner and the market regarding the right to purchase
it is the material with value which can exchanged for goods and services.
Money come to pass for human creative power when you exchange a product money is the exchange value money is the key to have any type of products in any field
The essence of money is commodity. Money is a tool used as a medium of exchange, a storage value and a unit of account. It is a special commodity that acts as an equivalent in the exchange of goods and services.
Money serves as a medium of exchange, as a store of value, and as a unit of account. Medium of exchange.
general equivalent
Understand
a special media for transaction
When people use something as a medium exchange.
The money is in essence is the received value for the product
a currency which everyone agrees to trade for a product or a service.
The instrument measured value of labour
