It will affect how much value we can create at the end and whether each decision is rational and best
Because labor is the basic elements in doing business and by trading can we make extra profis
Division of labor and trading influences the flow and aggregation of capital and may influence technological revolution
For efficiency and effectiveness
Labor: maintain balance between the different needs of employees and employers. Trade: expand markets to overseas thus increase revenue
Divisi¨®n of labor is the motive for trade and the source of economic interdependence.
because creating value needs efficiency and effectiveness.
Because labor products the goods which are required in the process of trading.
Because division of labor and trade can make full use of the comparative advantages of different subjects to achieve better benefits.
The division of labour is in its essence the source of economic independence. It motivates and increases the productivity in a business on different levels, the individual and the procedure. It matters because the division of labor means a specialization, which comes with great advantages like skills and specific training which is great to develop a single product. Division of labour is the motive for trade, because different business specialize in different things which can later on be traded. It is a great source of cooperation and economic independence.
Division of labor means specialization, thus every number cound do what they are proficient in and produce more outputs. Trading is the important bridge between produce and comsuming£¬and lets money flow in the market.
an increasing division of labour is associated with the growth of total output and trade, the rise of capitalism, and the increasing complexity of industrialised processes.
Maybe so that each person can specialize in a specific thing and can develop it to earn money
The division of labor increases production and makes it more efficient by dividing the separate tasks of making an object among different individuals and so it simplifies the job each person performs. Trading matters because it provides the access to technology and resources
Division of labor increases productivity, and trading makes it come true.
division of labor refers to the allocation of workload given to an individual or an organization based on their skills this is important because it is essential for the right people to do the right job to get a better result as they know what they are doing and to trade it so that everyone gets to get something even when they r not good at it. By trading people are able to exchange goods and services which was given by the division of labor. trading using money.
Because labor creates the products which are required in the process of trading.
1. Specialized division of labor can improve labor proficiency, save labor conversion time and save training cost.Trading promotes the circulation and sharing of resources and creates wealth
this reduces costs and makes the work more productive.
The division of labour is the motive for trade and the source of economic interdepende . ... Division of labour generally also increases both producer and individual worker productivity
they are both important component of the future in the industry
The division of labor increases production and makes it more efficient by dividing the separate tasks of making an object among different individuals and thereby simplifying the job each person must perform. Trade have become a highly efficient mechanisms for optimizing our use of resources and bringing us the most and best combination of goods and services.
because division of labor can provide redistribution and improve purchasing power.
The division of labor increases production and makes it more efficient by dividing the separate tasks of making an object among different individuals and thereby simplifying the job each person must perform.
