Commodity money: It has its own value and use value; fiat money: Wide range of circulation, decentralization, low transaction costs
It sets a general rule for global trading and guarantee the safety of what is of real value
Commodity money is physically backed, has value in itself and can still serve as a medium of exchange in times of hyperinflation ; fiat money is viewed as a more stable currency that can cushion against recessions¡£ And it's cheap and easy to carry.
Reflects information of market and the economic
Commodity: making transactions raiser, like the e wallet. fiat: provide a standard for pricing, the base of commodity money
Commodity money is based on physical resource, there is less chance of devaluing from inflation
commodity money has an instrinsic value, while fiat money doesn¡¯t have.
The advantages of fiat money are that it is stable and controlled. This is a great advantage because it can be used as storing money and can be easily used for exchange.
Commodity money's value is based on the material it was manufactured with, such as gold or silver. Fiat money, therefore, does not have intrinsic value, while commodity money does. Changes in public confidence in a government issuing fiat money may be enough to make the fiat currency worthless.
lower inflation, less artificial influence, intrinsic value and good for saving. For fiat money, more stability and more growth.
One is that they can be used as a trading medium.
it's able to make adjustment according to the market  low cost and easy to carry and trade me
The advantages of commodity money: it has its own value and use valuefiat money is convenient to pay and carry, administered by the government and relatively stable
The most important feature of fiat money is  the stability of its value The most important advantage of commodity money is basically that it serves an additional purpose. For example, gold can be turned into jewelry, while cigarettes can be smoked. This gives the holder added options; he can either use or spend the money.
Benefits Of Commodity Money Because commodity money is based on a physical resource, it is less prone to devaluing from inflation
The most important feature of fiat money is the stability of its value, unlike commodity-based money like gold, copper, and silver.
