Can authorize third parties to query identity attributes
Because the data in a blockchain should be kept open and transparent, so it requires a rather fair position for everyone
A decentralized network is more reliable than a centralized one because there is no central server and hackers are prevented from attacking it. Decentralized is more democratic than centralized, with no central authority and user control.
Equal and safe
The information is loaded to every user
the Blockchain, is what allows for this decentralization, as it offers every single user an opportunity to become one of the network's many payment processors.
to prevent it from getting hacked as it is transparent
it offers every single user an opportunity to become one of the network's many payment processors
Maybe it is used for deliver any systems or networks to other parties (maybe lower parties)
Each node of blockchain achieves information self-verification, transmission and management through distributed accounting and storage.
Blockchains secure themselves by being distributed. Instead of using a central antetype to manage the chain, blockchains use P2P network and everyone is allowed to join. When someone joins, he can get a full copy of the blockchain.
It is more trasnsparent and safe.
logically, the blockchain is united in the internet so it's decentralized.  According to it's framework, the blockchain is based on the peer-to-peer network, so it's decentralized
In the decentralized mode, the whole network has no centralized hardware or management organization, and the rights and obligations between any nodes are equal.
the Blockchain, is what allows for this decentralization, as it offers every single user an opportunity to become one of the network's many payment processors
Yes, please explain
Yes, please explain
Decentralization is the process of dispersing functions and power away from a central location or authority.
Because it is a shared thing for all.
blockchain is actually decentralized depends on what is governed and how this governance is enacted.
