Take the rental of a house for example. There is a village based on the blockchain trading system, where A rents A house to B for 500 yuan per month for one year. The lock of the house is a combination lock, the need to generate the lock secret key to open. Intelligent Contract Execution Steps: 1. The contracts of A and B are submitted to the intelligent contract server in the village, which is published on the block chain to take effect. 2.A provides the lock secret key and account address to the intelligent contract server. 3.B pays 6000 virtual COINS to the server as collateral. 4. The contract is executed. The server deducts 500 from B's mortgage fund and sends it to A's account. 5. The smart contract will check the lease time on the first day of every month. If the lease is not expired, the rent will be deducted automatically and the new unlock key will be sent to B.
Transfers carrying a huge demands
in a business where there are high stakes (risk) and when a lot of money or shares are involved in the business.
Bitcoin
Smart contract, being digital, can be tracked at any point. This gives the security that they are permanent, credible and accessible at all moments. Furthermore there is no need of involving a third person or party.
by minimizing the need to trust a counterparty, a third party, or a foreign legal system, can also reduce counterparty risk and expand credit
Record all things in a more effective and efficient way
By having businesses communicate directly emoving any reliance on a middle man or third party, smart contract stores a business's terms of agreement, and can then verify and execute those agreed terms.
It can be defining projects and objectives.
personal assets digitization
Huawei virtual Equity
smart contract stores a business's terms of agreement, and can then verify and execute those agreed terms
Tezos blockchain, recently launched in September 2018, has some promising dapps aimed at breaking the barriers between traditional financial products and blockchain technology. For tezos, one of the attractions of high-value financial DAPP is its inherent formal validation. Once fully implemented, it will greatly reduce or eliminate the possibility of coding errors or human errors in smart contracts. Tezsure is a DAPP in the early development stage of tezos, which aims to simplify the insurance of blockchain. According to tezsure's founding statement, traditional insurance lacks transparency, takes too long to process claims, and costs a lot of overhead. Tezsure will simplify this process by allowing entities to create insurance products defined by rules in smart contracts, then move coins into the pool and wait for claims. The final result is that once the claim is verified, payments are made directly from the insurance pool according to the smart contract rules that determine the insurance parameters. According to tezsure, the overhead required to promote the system will be a fraction of the traditional insurance model.
to reach potential targets in a smart and modern way
Smart Contracts can be used for business to  manage transactions in a pre-programmed, automated way.
Digital Identity Today, different institutions hold different details about your life ¨C bank records, ownership rights, job details, demographic facts, etc. To collect all this information in one file, you would need to carry a huge pile of papers, references, copies. It¡¯s pretty inconvenient, especially, if you have to pass an identity verification.
